[DEV-980] Adds external rewards redemption documentation (#5)
KudosInc/slate: swagger.md

|»» qualities|[[QualityReference](#schemaqualityreference)]|true|none|none|
|»»» kind|string|true|none|none|
|»»» value|string|true|none|none|

#### Enumerated Values

|Property|Value|
|---|---|
|kind|email|
|kind|group_name|
|level|thank_you|
|level|good_job|
|level|impressive|
|level|exceptional|
|level|award|
|kind|name|

<aside class="warning">
To perform this operation, you must be authenticated by means of one of the following methods:
APIKeyHeader, APIKeyQueryParam
</aside>

## lookUpUser

<a id="opIdlookUpUser"></a>

> Code samples

```shell
# You can also use wget
curl -X GET https://clientapi.kudosnow.com/v1/users/lookup \
  -H 'Accept: application/json' \
  -H 'apikey: API_KEY'

```

```javascript--nodejs
const fetch = require('node-fetch');

const headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'apikey':'API_KEY'

};

fetch('https://clientapi.kudosnow.com/v1/users/lookup',
{
  method: 'GET',

  headers: headers
})
.then(function(res) {
    return res.json();
}).then(function(body) {
    console.log(body);
});

```

`GET /users/lookup`

Get user information.

<h3 id="lookupuser-parameters">Parameters</h3>

|Name|In|Type|Required|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|

> |email|query|string|false|Users email|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|email|query|string|false|Email Address|
```

Status Code **200**

|Name|Type|Required|Restrictions|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|» data|[User](#schemauser)|false|none|none|
|»» id|integer|false|none|none|
|»» email|string|false|none|none|
|»» pointsBalance|[Points](#schemapoints)|false|none|none|
|»» employeeNumber|string|false|none|none|

<aside class="warning">
To perform this operation, you must be authenticated by means of one of the following methods:
APIKeyHeader, APIKeyQueryParam
</aside>

## redemptionHistory

<a id="opIdredemptionHistory"></a>

> Code samples

```shell
# You can also use wget
curl -X GET https://clientapi.kudosnow.com/v1/redemptions \
  -H 'Accept: application/json' \
  -H 'apikey: API_KEY'

```

```javascript--nodejs
const fetch = require('node-fetch');

const headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'apikey':'API_KEY'

};

fetch('https://clientapi.kudosnow.com/v1/redemptions',
{
  method: 'GET',

  headers: headers
})
.then(function(res) {
    return res.json();
}).then(function(body) {
    console.log(body);
});

```

`GET /redemptions`

Get a users redemptions history

<h3 id="redemptionhistory-parameters">Parameters</h3>

|Name|In|Type|Required|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|

> |userId|query|integer|false|User Id|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|userId|query|integer|false|User ID|
```

|page|query|integer|false|Page number|

> |perPage|query|integer|false|Count of items per page (15 by default)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|perPage|query|integer|false|Number of redemptions per page. Defaults to 15|
```

> Example responses

> 200 Response

```json
{
  "data": {
    "page": 0,
    "totalCount": 0,
    "data": [
      {
        "id": 0,
        "cancellationDate": "2019-10-28",
        "createdBy": 0,
        "rewardId": "string",
        "name": "string",
        "description": "string",
        "kudosPoints": 0,
        "currencyCode": "string",
        "amountInCents": 0,
        "transactionId": "string",

>         "userId": "string",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "userId": 0,
```

        "orderId": "string",
        "notes": "string",
        "createdAt": "2019-10-28",
        "updatedAt": "2019-10-28"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

<h3 id="redemptionhistory-responses">Responses</h3>

|Status|Meaning|Description|Schema|
|---|---|---|---|
|200|[OK](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.3.1)|successful operation|Inline|

<h3 id="redemptionhistory-responseschema">Response Schema</h3>

Status Code **200**

|Name|Type|Required|Restrictions|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|» data|[RedemptionsHistory](#schemaredemptionshistory)|false|none|none|
|»» page|integer|true|none|none|
|»» totalCount|integer|true|none|none|
|»» data|[[Redemption](#schemaredemption)]|true|none|none|
|»»» id|integer|true|none|none|
|»»» cancellationDate|string(date)|false|none|none|
|»»» createdBy|integer|true|none|none|
|»»» rewardId|string|true|none|none|
|»»» name|string|true|none|none|
|»»» description|string|true|none|none|
|»»» kudosPoints|integer|true|none|none|
|»»» currencyCode|string|true|none|none|
|»»» amountInCents|integer|true|none|none|
|»»» transactionId|string|true|none|none|

> |»»» userId|string|true|none|none|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|»»» userId|integer|true|none|none|
```

  "orderId": "string",
  "notes": "string"
}';
const headers = {
  'Content-Type':'application/json',
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'apikey':'API_KEY'

};

fetch('https://clientapi.kudosnow.com/v1/redemptions',
{
  method: 'POST',
  body: inputBody,
  headers: headers
})
.then(function(res) {
    return res.json();
}).then(function(body) {
    console.log(body);
});

```

`POST /redemptions`

Redeem a reward

> Body parameter

```json
{
  "userId": 0,
  "senderId": 0,
  "rewardId": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "kudosPoints": 0,
  "currencyCode": "USD",
  "amountInCents": 0,
  "transactionId": "string",
  "orderId": "string",
  "notes": "string"
}
```

<h3 id="redeemreward-parameters">Parameters</h3>

|Name|In|Type|Required|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|body|body|[CreateRedemption](#schemacreateredemption)|true|Redeem a reward body|

> Example responses

> 200 Response

```json
{
  "data": {
    "id": 0,
    "cancellationDate": "2019-10-28",
    "createdBy": 0,
    "rewardId": "string",
    "name": "string",
    "description": "string",
    "kudosPoints": 0,
    "currencyCode": "string",
    "amountInCents": 0,
    "transactionId": "string",

>     "userId": "string",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "userId": 0,
```

    "orderId": "string",
    "notes": "string",
    "createdAt": "2019-10-28",
    "updatedAt": "2019-10-28"
  }
}
```

<h3 id="redeemreward-responses">Responses</h3>

|Status|Meaning|Description|Schema|
|---|---|---|---|
|200|[OK](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.3.1)|successful operation|Inline|

<h3 id="redeemreward-responseschema">Response Schema</h3>

Status Code **200**

|Name|Type|Required|Restrictions|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|» data|[Redemption](#schemaredemption)|false|none|none|
|»» id|integer|true|none|none|
|»» cancellationDate|string(date)|false|none|none|
|»» createdBy|integer|true|none|none|
|»» rewardId|string|true|none|none|
|»» name|string|true|none|none|
|»» description|string|true|none|none|
|»» kudosPoints|integer|true|none|none|
|»» currencyCode|string|true|none|none|
|»» amountInCents|integer|true|none|none|
|»» transactionId|string|true|none|none|

> |»» userId|string|true|none|none|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|»» userId|integer|true|none|none|
```

<a id="opIdcancelRedemption"></a>

> Code samples

```shell
# You can also use wget
curl -X DELETE https://clientapi.kudosnow.com/v1/redemptions/{id}?userId=0&senderId=0 \
  -H 'Accept: application/json' \
  -H 'apikey: API_KEY'

```

```javascript--nodejs
const fetch = require('node-fetch');

const headers = {
  'Accept':'application/json',
  'apikey':'API_KEY'

};

fetch('https://clientapi.kudosnow.com/v1/redemptions/{id}?userId=0&senderId=0',
{
  method: 'DELETE',

  headers: headers
})
.then(function(res) {
    return res.json();
}).then(function(body) {
    console.log(body);
});

```

`DELETE /redemptions/{id}`

Cancel a redemption

<h3 id="cancelredemption-parameters">Parameters</h3>

|Name|In|Type|Required|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|id|path|integer|true|Redemption ID|
|userId|query|integer|userId|User ID|
|senderId|query|integer|senderId|Sender ID|

> Example responses

> 200 Response

```json
{
  "data": {
    "id": 0,
    "cancellationDate": "2019-10-28",
    "createdBy": 0,
    "rewardId": "string",
    "name": "string",
    "description": "string",
    "kudosPoints": 0,
    "currencyCode": "string",
    "amountInCents": 0,
    "transactionId": "string",

>     "userId": "string",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "userId": 0,
```

    "orderId": "string",
    "notes": "string",
    "createdAt": "2019-10-28",
    "updatedAt": "2019-10-28"
  }
}
```

<h3 id="cancelredemption-responses">Responses</h3>

|Status|Meaning|Description|Schema|
|---|---|---|---|
|200|[OK](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.3.1)|successful operation|Inline|

<h3 id="cancelredemption-responseschema">Response Schema</h3>

Status Code **200**

|Name|Type|Required|Restrictions|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|» data|[Redemption](#schemaredemption)|false|none|none|
|»» id|integer|true|none|none|
|»» cancellationDate|string(date)|false|none|none|
|»» createdBy|integer|true|none|none|
|»» rewardId|string|true|none|none|
|»» name|string|true|none|none|
|»» description|string|true|none|none|
|»» kudosPoints|integer|true|none|none|
|»» currencyCode|string|true|none|none|
|»» amountInCents|integer|true|none|none|
|»» transactionId|string|true|none|none|

> |»» userId|string|true|none|none|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|»» userId|integer|true|none|none|
```

<a id="schemacreateredemption"></a>

```json
{
  "userId": 0,
  "senderId": 0,
  "rewardId": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "kudosPoints": 0,
  "currencyCode": "USD",
  "amountInCents": 0,
  "transactionId": "string",
  "orderId": "string",
  "notes": "string"
}

```

### Properties

|Name|Type|Required|Restrictions|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|userId|integer|true|none|none|
|senderId|integer|true|none|none|
|rewardId|string|true|none|none|
|name|string|true|none|none|
|description|string|false|none|none|
|kudosPoints|integer|true|none|none|
|currencyCode|string|false|none|none|
|amountInCents|integer|true|none|none|
|transactionId|string|true|none|none|
|orderId|string|true|none|none|
|notes|string|false|none|none|

<h2 id="tocSredemptionshistory">RedemptionsHistory</h2>

<a id="schemaredemptionshistory"></a>

```json
{
  "page": 0,
  "totalCount": 0,
  "data": [
    {
      "id": 0,
      "cancellationDate": "2019-10-28",
      "createdBy": 0,
      "rewardId": "string",
      "name": "string",
      "description": "string",
      "kudosPoints": 0,
      "currencyCode": "string",
      "amountInCents": 0,
      "transactionId": "string",

>       "userId": "string",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "userId": 0,
```

      "orderId": "string",
      "notes": "string",
      "createdAt": "2019-10-28",
      "updatedAt": "2019-10-28"
    }
  ]
}

```

### Properties

|Name|Type|Required|Restrictions|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|page|integer|true|none|none|
|totalCount|integer|true|none|none|
|data|[Redemptions](#schemaredemptions)|true|none|none|

<h2 id="tocSredemptions">Redemptions</h2>

<a id="schemaredemptions"></a>

```json
[
  {
    "id": 0,
    "cancellationDate": "2019-10-28",
    "createdBy": 0,
    "rewardId": "string",
    "name": "string",
    "description": "string",
    "kudosPoints": 0,
    "currencyCode": "string",
    "amountInCents": 0,
    "transactionId": "string",

>     "userId": "string",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "userId": 0,
```

    "orderId": "string",
    "notes": "string",
    "createdAt": "2019-10-28",
    "updatedAt": "2019-10-28"
  }
]

```

### Properties

|Name|Type|Required|Restrictions|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|*anonymous*|[[Redemption](#schemaredemption)]|false|none|none|

<h2 id="tocSredemption">Redemption</h2>

<a id="schemaredemption"></a>

```json
{
  "id": 0,
  "cancellationDate": "2019-10-28",
  "createdBy": 0,
  "rewardId": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "kudosPoints": 0,
  "currencyCode": "string",
  "amountInCents": 0,
  "transactionId": "string",

>   "userId": "string",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "userId": 0,
```

  "orderId": "string",
  "notes": "string",
  "createdAt": "2019-10-28",
  "updatedAt": "2019-10-28"
}

```

### Properties

|Name|Type|Required|Restrictions|Description|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|id|integer|true|none|none|
|cancellationDate|string(date)|false|none|none|
|createdBy|integer|true|none|none|
|rewardId|string|true|none|none|
|name|string|true|none|none|
|description|string|true|none|none|
|kudosPoints|integer|true|none|none|
|currencyCode|string|true|none|none|
|amountInCents|integer|true|none|none|
|transactionId|string|true|none|none|

> |userId|string|true|none|none|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|userId|integer|true|none|none|
```
